Hey, hey, Mo, here, before we get to building this feature around the menu and the menu list and
the items that will go into there before we get to any of that, we currently have one small issue,
our navigation.
The way that we've set it up, the way that we navigate between screens isn't set up for scale.
It just isn't right now.
So before we get to building this out, I'm going to quickly pause this feature and then the following
videos.
What you're going to see is us optimizing the code for the navigation in order for us to build out this
feature more properly.
So in the following videos, don't be scared that you see us pivot away from this feature, because
what we need to do is optimize what we've built already so that we can build this in the best way possible.